Documentation: Scenarios (#1378)
guardicore/monkey: docs/content/usage/scenarios/_index.md

+++
title = "Scenarios"
date = 2020-08-12T12:52:59+03:00
weight = 3
chapter = true
pre = "<i class='fas fa-map-marked-alt'></i> "
+++

# Scenarios

> This section describes <i>Scenarios</i> in the Infection Monkey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the different attack <i>Scenarios</i> that the Infection Monkey can simulate.
```

{{% notice note %}}
Don't worry! The Infection Monkey uses safe exploiters and does not cause any permanent system modifications that could impact security or operations.

> {{% /notice %}}

Reviewer 2: Why do we need this notice here? What does the safety of exploiters have to do with exploiters? There might be scenarios that don't even use the exploiters

Author: This was there previously on the "Use cases" page. I agree that it seems a little out of place here but I'd rather keep it since it is a vital piece of information. Do you have any suggestions on where else to move it?

> The Infection Monkey has pre-existing scenarios to simulate common types of attacks that take place. These scenarios, when selected, manipulate the default configuration values and only show the configuration fields relevant to the selected scenario. This makes it possible for you to quickly run the Monkey on your network with a targeted configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Infection Monkey has pre-built scenarios to simulate common types of attacks that take place. These scenarios, when selected, manipulate the default configuration values and only show the configuration fields relevant to the selected scenario. This makes it possible for you to quickly run the Monkey on your network in order to accomplish a specific objective.
```

> The Infection Monkey has pre-built scenarios to simulate common types of attacks that take place. These scenarios, when selected, manipulate the default configuration values and only show the configuration fields relevant to the selected scenario. This makes it possible for you to quickly run the Monkey on your network in order to accomplish a specific objective.

Reviewer 2: The technical details of what happens when a user clicks on a scenario are not relevant, they won't help the user to achieve his goals. The purpose of this page is to help the user make a choice of scenario. I would maybe reword to:
"Choose a scenario that best describes your use case. Choosing a "Custom" scenario will allow you to fine-tune your simulation and access some features not available in other scenarios. [Read more about configuring a custom simulation](link-to-custom-page). "

Author: WDYT?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44770317/127482506-cc0dd21c-a436-44d0-96e6-58e768400a02.png)

![Choose scenario](/images/usage/scenarios/choose-scenario.png "Choose a scenario")

To exit a scenario and select another one, click on "Start Over".

![Start over](/images/usage/scenarios/start-over.png "Start over")

> You can also refer to [our FAQ](../../faq) for more specific questions and answers.

Reviewer 2: Does FAQ contain something explicit to scenarios? If yes, then link to that specific bulltepoint. If not, no need to mention it here

Author: Removed
